 A process that results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of structures formed of microtubules and associated proteins in the cytoplasm . 		 A process that is carried out at the cellular level which results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of a supramolecular fiber, a polymer consisting of an indefinite number of protein or protein complex subunits that have polymerised to form a fiber-shaped structure. 		 Score: 0.5839
Any process that stops, prevents or reduces the rate or extent of cell proliferation . A process that modulates the frequency, rate or . extent of stem cell proliferation. A stem cell is a cell that retains the ability to divide and prolifer 		 Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of cell proliferation. 		 Score: 0.6790



The directed movement of cobalt (Co) ions into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore . A process in which an iron ion is transported from one side of a membrane to the other by . Means of movement of copper cations across a membrane . 		 A process in which an inorganic cation is transported from one side of a membrane to the other by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore. 		 Score: 0.6052
 A T-tubule is an invagination of the plasma membrane of a muscle cell that extends inward from the cell surface around each myofibril . A membrane is a double layer of lipid molecules that encloses all cells, and, in eukaryotes, many organelles . A process that results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of a membrane . 	 A process which results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of a membrane. A membrane is a double layer of lipid molecules that encloses all cells, and, in eukaryotes, many organelles; may be a single or double lipid bilayer; also includes associated proteins. 		 Score: 0.6413



 A stem cell is a cell that retains the ability to divide and proliferate throughout life to provide progenitor cells that can differentiate into specialized cells . Differentiation includes the processes involved in commitment of a cell to a specific fate . A leukocyte is an achromatic cell of the myeloid or lymphoid lineages capable of ameboid movement . 	 The cellular developmental process in which a relatively unspecialized cell, e.g. embryonic or regenerative cell, acquires specialized structural and/or functional features that characterize a specific cell. Differentiation includes the processes involved in commitment of a cell to a specific fate and its subsequent development to the mature state. 		 Score: 0.6672
 Penile erection is hardening, enlarging and rising of the penis which often occurs in the sexually aroused male and enables sexual intercourse . Achieved by increased inflow of blood into the vessels of erectile tissue, and decreased outflow of the blood . Penile erections are hardened, enlarged and rising . Fertilization is union of gametes of opposite sexes during the process of sexual reproduction to form a zygote . 		 Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of reproductive process. 		 Score: 0.3693